# TrueReview


Far too many people tend to remain within the comforts of what they know. They do not like to venture outside the subcultures of which they are members. They do not find enjoyment in seeking knowledge beyond what is familiar to them. I find this to be a significant problem in our society. Christians, for example, should learn and understand Islam. Muslims should learn and understand Judaism. We should all learn about differences that should not define us as an individual but, unfortunately, too often do. Sadly, I cannot change the world. I cannot bring peace to the Middle East. I cannot teach all the children living in poverty that they can rise above the condition they were born into. What I can do as an aspiring programmer is create a book review website that will rate books based on the user’s preferences. I call it TrueReview. While it won’t change the world, it will help users seek knowledge beyond what they know and love and, hopefully, learn to appreciate differences.
	
If someone whose favorite book genre is Drama rates a book in the Action and Adventure genre, that rating should be weighted differently than a user who is an Action fanatic. The user could then read reviews written by users with the same favorite genre(s) and choose to read the book or not. Many books are categorized as several different genres. There are subgenres within genres. That is irrelevant to the site. What is important is what the user chooses as their favorite genre(s). Then all books will display the primary rating number, but also show the rating based on users’ choices of favorite genres. So, in the Action and Adventure book discussed above, the user whose favorite genre is Drama will have their rating factored in in determining the primary rating, but also in determining the rating for those who chose Drama as their favorite Genre. In short, there will be one primary rating and then a rating for each genre that the user can choose as their favorite from a dropdown box when they create their account.
	
This ASP.NET MVC web application written in the C# programming language will take approximately one month to complete. It will consist of a home page that will display the purpose of the website and several recent reviews and ratings. Each individual user will have a profile page that will show the ratings and reviews that they have submitted, their favorite genres, and will have the user option to create an “about me” section so other users can better understand them.
